{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green90\blue197;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Caro,\
This is what I have so far for the list of attractions and I will give you the history and timeline too tomorrow since I have it already.\'a0\
\
Some of these I don't have info yet and they might need to be deleted. I will let you know. Beka's car broke down so need to run out and have her site in car, tow truck is an hour wait and she has cold and is in cold\
\
Ok, I so I put in bold everything that I don't have yet\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cartagenainfo.com/mapas/caminando/flash/index.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 http://cartagenainfo.com/mapas/caminando/flash/index.htm}}\
\'a0\
Puerta del Reloj\
The main gateway to the inner walled city, and originally named Boca del Puente. It was linked to Getsemani by a drawbridge over a moat.\'a0 There was a chapel and armory on the side arches of the gate. In 18888 the four sided clock was added.\
\'a0\
Plaza de los Coches\
This was the location of the slave market The statue in the middle of the square is Pedro de Heredia, the founder of Cartagena de las Indias.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Plaza de la Aduana\
This was the location of all the most important government buildings in colonial times. It is the oldest and largest square in the historic section of the city.\'a0 In the middle of the square is a statue of Christopher Columbus. The City Hall building in this square was the old Royal Customs House.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Casa de la Aduana
\b0 \

\b \'a0
\b0 \

\b \'a0
\b0 \

\b Casa del Premio Real
\b0 \
\'a0\
Museo de Arte Moderno\
This building once held part of the old Royal Customs House.\
\'a0\
San Pedro Claver: Plaza, Iglesia, Museo, Santuario\
This church is named after a Spanish born Jesuit whose life work was helping captured Africans who arrived in Cartagena in bondage destined to be slaves.\
The convent was first named San Ignacio de Loyola and afterwards renamed to honor his life work. The Jesuit was the first person to be canonized in the new world, 1888.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Museo Naval\
Located in what was once a Jesuit college, this museum opened on the 500
\fs22 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  anniversary of Christopher Columbus\'92 \'93discovery\'94 of the new world.\
\'a0\
Baluarte de San Francisco Javier\
El Bodeg\'f3n de la Candelaria\
\'a0\
Museo del Oro\
This museum, which has free entrance, is a smaller version of the extensive gold museum in Bogota. It includes gold and pottery from before the Spanish arrived, of the Zenu indigenous people\
\'a0\
Parque y Plaza de Bolivar\
This plaza was originally named the Plaza of the Inquisition. It was also originally used for parades for the military.\'a0 It is the location of the Palacio de la Inquisicion and the history museum, the Museo Historico.\
\'a0\
Palacio de la Inquisici\'f3n\
The museum of the inquisition and the Museo Historico.\
\'a0\
Catedral\
Pirates destroyed this cathedral before it could be finished. Construction was begun in 1575 however the canons of pirates led by Francis Drake partially destroyed the church 11 years later in 1586. The cathedral was finally completed in 1612 and the structure has a fort like appearance.\
\'a0\
Iglesia Santo Domingo\
The oldest church in the city, it was built at the end of the 1500\'92s.\'a0 The original building was built in 1539 and located in the Plaza de los Coches, however, was destroyed in fire and moved to the current location.\
\'a0\

\b Casa del Marqu\'e9s de Valdehoyos
\b0 \
\'a0\
Teatro Heredia\
Completed in 1911 in a Republican style, the theater has a ceiling mural worth seeing.\
\'a0\

\b Universidad de Cartagena
\b0 \

\b Casa Museo de Sim\'f3n Bolivar
\b0 \

\b Iglesia de Santo Toribio
\b0 \
}