{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 Caro,\
Here are many of the texts to replace.\'a0 Not all, just need to do rest in morning:\
\

\b Plaza de los Coches
\b0 \
Use this:\
Originally called \'93Plaza de la Yerba\'94, the square of herbs, this was the location of the Spanish slave market. Historians estimate that Spanish galleons brought more than one million slaves to Cartagena. It was also first site of the city\'92s first Dominican convent, Convento de Santo Domingo, which was begun by Jer\'f3nimo de Loaisa, a dominican missionary and first bishop of Peru. In the middle of the square is a statue of Pedro de Heredia, the founder of Cartagena de las Indias.\
\

\b Museum of modern art
\b0 \
Use this:\
The Museum of modern art, once part of the old Royal Customs House, consists of two buildings. One was constructed in the second half of the 17th Century by the Spanish so as to function as the first point of entry in Cartagena de Indias. The second building was constructed at the end of the 19th century. The art collection first began with a donation from the Organization of the American States (OEA). It holds temporary exhibitions from its own collection, including art works by the Colombian artist Alegandro Obregon.\
\
\

\b Clock tower:
\b0 \
Use this:\
The main gateway to the inner walled city, and originally named Boca del Puente. It was linked to Getsemani by a drawbridge over a moat which served as protection for the city, which was so often attacked.\'a0 The tower is in the Republican style. There was a chapel and armory on the side arches of the gate. In 1888 the four-sided clock was added. This is the principal entrance to the historic district of Cartagena de Indias.\'a0 The clock was added at the beginning of the 18th century.\'a0 The architect was the military engineer Juan de Herrera y Sotomayor, who was also the founder of the Academy of Cartagena. The architectural style involves roman arches and tuscan columns and an entablature with frieze decorated with triglyphs. The city door is one of the best preserved historic entrances to cities, and is cited by Escuela de Fortificaci\'f3n Hispanoamericana as one of the best preserved in the new world.\
\
\

\b Naval Museum:
\b0 \
Located in what was once a Jesuit college, this museum opened on the 500th anniversary of Christopher Columbus\'92 \'93discovery\'94 of the new world.\'a0 The museum was opened in 1992, on the 500th anniversary of Columbus\'92 \'93discovery\'94 of the New World. It is located in a large colonial building. Among other things, in the exhibit are reconstructed cityscapes and boat models from various centuries in history.\
\

\b San Pedro Claver
\b0 \
This church is named after a Spanish born Jesuit whose life work was helping captured Africans who arrived in Cartagena in bondage destined to be slaves. He was called the \'93Apostle of the Blacks\'92 or the \'93Slave of the Slaves\'94. The convent was first named San Ignacio de Loyola and afterwards renamed to honor his life work. The Jesuit was the first person to be canonized in the new world, 1888. The convent in his name, was founded by Jesuits in the first half of the 17th century and was originally called San Ignacio de Loyola. In the convent, a three-story building with a courtyard, there are exhibits of\
religious art and pre-Columbian ceramics as well as Afro-Caribbean art work. In addition, it is possible to visit the actual cell room where San Pedro Claver lived.\'a0 You can also go up a narrow staircase to the choir loft of the church next to it.\'a0 The church itself has a stone facade that is somewhat stark, however inside there are stain-glass windows of fine work and an altar made of italian marble.\'a0 The remains of San Pedro Claver are located there in a glass coffin in the actual altar and even his skull is visible.\
}