{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green32\blue227;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13660\viewh14780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 STAKEHOLDER INTERVIEW\

\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 1) how do you envision your website?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 not like a tourist site but rather more scholarly but user friendly and visually attractive.\
 \
will have the history of the city with some basic points of interests and a timeline for the history of the city (WIP)\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 2) which are the main functions you need to have in your website? 
\b0 \
a map to search for point of interests with info and images, a timeline\
\

\b 3) what\'92s your target market? type of users?
\b0 \
Historians/Scholars,Teachers, Students (college/high school), History enthusiasts, Tourists \
\
\

\b 4) which ones are the main brand elements you need to have on your website? brand colors, fonts, graphics, etc?
\b0 \
colorful, cartagena look but contemporary\
\
\

\b 5) who is your competitors? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
http://cartagenainfo.com/mapas/caminando/flash/index.htm\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cartagena-indias.com/images/Map/map-centro.jpg"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs34 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.cartagena-indias.com/images/Map/map-centro.jpg}}
\f1\fs34 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 6) how do you want to differentiate yourself from your competitors? what makes you better?
\b0 \
\
more user friendly, responsive for mobile,\
more technologically updated, more visually interesting and in english\
\
\

\b 7) what are the best practices you want to include in your site?
\b0 \
\
(for map interactivity and look)\
  \
\
(for map interactivity)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.discoverphl.com/interactive-map/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.discoverphl.com/interactive-map/}}  (for the info on the pop up window=photo,name,description, address and phone)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/}}  (bad example of a interactive map)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.history.com/interactives/9-11-maps"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.history.com/interactives/9-11-maps}}  (for the look of map but not the 3D function)\
\
( for icons use)\
http://www.fucolingenieria.com/ \
\
\
(for historic information to include in timeline)\
http://www.cartagenacaribe.com/en/history/historia.htm\
\
}