{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green168\blue203;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 When we interview people, we\'92ll ask two sets of questions: \
1) about routine, habit, and usage and \
2) about our product idea/mocks/demo.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200\ql\qnatural
\cf2  Let\'92s suppose we are exploring the idea of building an online exercise motivation tool called Naggy.\'a0 Once we\'92ve solidified the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.launchbit.com/finding-customer-types"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 type of customers}} we want to interview, we would ask these kinds of questions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}How often do you currently work out?\
{\listtext	\'95	}How frequently would you want to work out?\
{\listtext	\'95	}What do you think are the blocking points in working out more?\
{\listtext	\'95	}When you have worked out, what has been the impetus for exercising?\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Often, questions lead to more questions, and we\'92d ask those that come to mind.\'a0 By the end of this part of the interview, we\'92d want to have a clear idea of how this kind of person goes through a particular pain point or activity.\'a0 Usually we\'92ll need to interview a handful or two of this type of customer in order to start to see patterns of behavior and pain points.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Feedback on your product idea
\b0 \
In the beginning of doing research, we might just ask interviewees for their general feedback on our product mocks.\'a0 However, as we hone in more and more on a particular customer-type and a particular problem, we\'92ll iterate our mocks and will ask more questions about the mocks.\'a0 These include:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}What do you think about this product?\
{\listtext	\'95	}What is missing?\
{\listtext	\'95	}What feature do you like the most?\
{\listtext	\'95	}What if we start removing this feature?\'a0 What about removing this feature?\
{\listtext	\'95	}Would you use this product?\
{\listtext	\'95	}How much would you expect this to cost?\
{\listtext	\'95	}Would you refer this product to friends?\'a0 Why or why not?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}If so, do you think you can introduce me to some of your friends who might find this useful?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\pardeftab720\sl400\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200\ql\qnatural
\cf2 The last question and sub-question are so key.\'a0 This will tell you if you are on the right track.\'a0 I your interviewee could really benefit from this product, he/she will often be able to refer like-minded people and will be excited to do so.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
}